# FarmRPG Guide

This extension provide automated guide for FarmRPG.

This extension does not make any requests or inject actions into FarmRPG. It only screen-scrape the game, and get informations from Buddy Farm.

## Installation

1. Get the file?
2. Install (see next section)
3. Go to FarmRPG and open the following pages. Do not open in new tabs (i.e. open the page normally in game, not the non-working ones)
   - Main page
   - Help requests (no need to open individual ones)
   - Inventory
   - All passive generation buildings (eg. Orchard, Quarry, etc.)
   - Perks points
   - Gold perks
4. Click the icon, or in Firefox you can use the sidebar (Alt key>View>Sidebar>FarmRPG Guide)

On the first use it may take a while to fetch all data from BuddyFarm. (It only fetch the items needed for the quests and their sources)

### Installing extension
This extension is only tested in Firefox, and sparingly on Brave. Most top browsers now use the same extension format, so you probably can install this in most browsers but they are not tested.

I don't intend to publish this extension on stores, so you'll have to use development version.

#### Firefox
You'll need Firefox Developer Edition, or an unbranded build to install external extension.

1. Go to about:addons
2. Drag the zip file into the page
3. Accept permission
4. Go to FarmRPG website
5. In the toolbar extension menu, find FarmRPG Guide, right click and ensure it is set to "Always Allow". This menu is only present when the current tab is FarmRPG website

To upgrade you can simply repeat the process

#### Brave/Edge
1. Go to extension page (brave://extensions/)
2. Enable developer mode
3. Drag the zip file into the page
4. Accept permission

I'm not sure how to upgrade without making it install two of the same extensions. I believe if you replace the zip with another file of the same name and click reload it would work.

## How it works

The tool look at your objective lists (usually the quests list, but you can also add goals such as target item count). Then for each required items, it will try every possible actions (manual fish, net fish, explore, buy, farm, etc. including actions on all prerequisite of that item) and only pick the best action that progressed the most quests in least time. It then repeat this process forever until no more progress can be made. This is usually due to impossible-to-gain items (eg. monthly items), or voiding (eg. the quest ask for more items than your inventory size, in which it will stop once inventory is at cap)

### Limitations

- Voided byproducts is not taken in consideration. If you have max inventory of everything but one required quest item, it will tell you to find that item, voiding everything in the process.
- Cooking, Mining is not supported
- **Only pre-tower is supported.**
- Sources of item not currently considered
  - Mailbox passwords
  - Exchange
  - Flea Market
  - Pets
  - Temple of Rewards
  - Wishing Well
  - Daily chores rewards
- It doesn't model actions in parallel. For example, if you take a day to grow a crop in the mean time you will not explore or fish, and daily/hourly passive income are not taken in consideration
- The list display is grouped by quest, but actions inside might not be relevant to that specific quest. This is due to that the search system do not actually think quest-by-quest.

### Known issues

- If you have quests with weird names (like newlines in quest name) it will not work
- Full silver display is required

## Development

This project is [No Maintenance Intended](https://unmaintained.tech/). You may submit pull requests, but I don't guarantee that I will review theme. If someone wish to maintain it I'd recommend forking.

## License

This project is partially generated by LLMs. As LLMs are trained on copyrighted code, I'm unable to make claims of the copyright of the project and whether it is free from reproductions of copyrighted code.

This project haw no relation with the FarmRPG game or trademark.
